so today guys I'm web so six a train to
a million so I'm going to be self with
Tory tak for this episode so hopefully I
made some good PROFINET and also hope
you guys will enjoy this video and if
you do please drop a like down below
that be a pre-shared and maybe this will
get 700 plus likes your help so yeah
gonna go look for my first plan for this
episode now i've just got on pixar these
two i Barbossa star the episode off
we've subpage 7400 7200 good wish them
both off a thousand seven hundred he
says pretty quickly at that price none
of the market and ii actually on that
price so 8800 none of that eva 8900
so a few of that price and that's a
bargain and miss down him unfortunately
so i'm yeah girl this month meet
thousand eight hundred actually i've
just got on peter over to my bar boys 12
seven thousand six helps em thousand
nine hundred and also these two boats on
a few minutes so good listen these two
up at the same prices which these to us
both the i Barbeau just go free fast me
heard that I've gone picks other
Sainsbury for 263 k so imagine you want
to make a ton of proof on him and also
here star insane for a centre-back like
cell e4 pay say for you to play in Serie
six physical so he passed him now it's
sick for a silver centre back and then
fool the cheese from the mark is free
her 50k than 365 K so god bless my
friend over 40 K so hopefully I can make
some good profit on him Sainsbury's been
out for over eight minutes so far not
sold so hopefully and go soon and
whisper waiting for himself gun pics how
these free high bar posts one for 7800
one 3100 then the final over seven
thousand nine hundred so good whisk them
off in nine thousand one hundred so on
the market of that price when I search
there's usually a few up where they sell
pretty quickly so I'm yeah go a spy for
9100 Sainsbury is sold for free or and
25k so I've made about 50 K per offering
him after the a tax which is absolutely
insane so Google trade of him and for
the free I bar blows they're booked on
for nine thousand one hundred so I'm
gonna go and pick up small players right
now the next play that I've gotten
picked up is Jonathan steed for a
hundred nine K so I'm gonna be listing
150 cast there's two of the marking 155
K wishes the Chiefs once up so am yet
gonna list him right now Jonathan state
is sold for 150 case I made about 35 K
prof on him after the a tax then I've
got my picks have for I Bob Lowe's so
lm2500 so his price has gone up once
again eleven thousand eleven thousand
seven hundred fifty and 11 K again so at
the middle the market is currently on
for 14,500 so I'm gonna be listing mine
up at fourteen thousand two hundred
fifty before I borrow so
14350 and I'm just going to show the
bidding process works for an quickly
so the search got right-wing then for
the max price and for this to counter
the cheaper spy now on up which is 15
care the second and then full the first
page love all of these into my tracks
for targets and usually you pick up
about one from every 10 so over to my
transport Argos now where I have much to
pick one over 12,500 unfortunates down
all the other ones though but yeah
that's how the process works so you've
been on quite a few and usually actually
have one in every 10 roughly I Barbara's
so for 15k that I've gone picked out
this chest of a tour and pha-4 okay so
on the market the Chiefs map is tyrone
95k so gamblers tin mine up a turn 85k
Chester a Salvatore an 85 case that's
gonna be it for this episode now so I'm
gonna window on 420k which I'm pretty
happy with so see you soon e riggers
hope you enjoyed this video and if you
have please leave a like